# yUOShi Integration for Stud.IP
This repository contains an extension for the Stud.IP-Software
to provide an API as well as a management-tool for data required and
sent by the [yuoshi](https://github.com/juliandierker/yuoshi) learning platform.

It depends on the [JsonApiPlugin](https://gitlab.elan-ev.de/studip/studip-plugin-jsonapi) that will probably be
integrated into the Stud.IP core in foreseeable future.
## Installation
Install the `yuoshi-x.x.x.zip`-File provided under releases in your Stud.IP-Instance.
Please consult the Stud.IP-Manual for help with this.

### Steps after installation
Register your yUOShi-Application as an API-Application to obtain OAuth-Tokens. Provide those to your yUOShi-Instance.
Activate this plugin in the Course(s) you want to use yUOShi in.
Make sure this plugin is accessible for the Stud.IP-Group `nobody`.
(This step is handled at Setup, but please double-check!)
This is required for the JsonApiPlugin to recognize this plugin. Authentication is applied by this plugin later.

## Compiling yourself
You can also compile this plugin yourself. You need the following packages to accomplish this.
(You can alternatively use the included `Dockerfile` to compile it - batteries are included there 😉)

- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com)
- [php](https://php.net) (at least Version 7.2.)
  - Additional Extensions: `php-dom` (depending on your system, you may have to install more. This list references to a standard installation of Ubuntu.)
- [composer](https://getcomposer.org)
- `make` (should probably already be on your system)

*Copy* the file `.webpack.env.example` to `.webpack.env`. Adjust values as needed.
Please not that the variable `STUDIP_URL` is ignored for production builds. 

If you are all set, simply run `make`. After it finishes, you will find a file called `yuoshi.zip` in the project-root.
Use this file to install the plugin in your Stud.IP-Instance.

## Contributing
To contribute to this project, you need the same packages installed as for compiling for production as well as the `.webpack.env`-File (see above).
Clone this project into the following directory (case-sensitive!): `STUDIP_ROOT/public/plugins_packages/xyng/Yuoshi`,
where `STUDIP_ROOT` is the root-directory of your Stud.IP-Instance.

To set up all dependencies, run:
```
yarn
composer install
```
(The path to your composer binary may vary - please adjust as needed.)

To start a development-server for the management-tool, run `yarn run start`.
This will start a `webpack-dev-server` that proxies your local Stud.IP-Instance
(accessible with the `STUDIP_URL` given in the `.env` file). All assets except those created
by this build-system are served from your Stud.IP-Instance. Assets from this build-system are served from memory.
As we use information from the build-manifest generated by webpack to load the assets in the plugin, you may have to
wait for the first build to finish before loading the page.

## Code-Style and Linting
Please check the Linting output by the build process. You can use to following tools to resolve easy problems:

- `yarn run lint-fix`: Is able to fix many problems shown by the linter.
- `yarn run format`: Formats your code according to the specifications.

Above commands are automatically run when you commit changes to JavaScript or TypeScript files.
Please check for linting issues (like undefined variables or missing hook dependencies to name a few common ones)
before committing and fix them accordingly. 
